these injured Palestinians and their
families survived checkpoints and
shelling during their Journeys to leave
Gaza for Kata but most lost family
members and their health since the war
on Gaza
began it was a normal night the Israeli
tanks came in without warning we were in
the Caravan when they hit us my father
and younger sister were killed and I was
injured I have blood in my eyes because
of the tank shelling
imman W is hoping her daughter will make
a full
recovery I'm accompanying my daughter
she was injured with shrapnel in her
head we received permission for
treatment outside Gaza thank God we are
waiting now to board the
plane gaza's Health Ministry says more
than 60,000 Palestinians have been
wounded during Israeli attacks since
October they're relying on barely
functioning hospitals for treatment the
World Health Organization says checks at
border crossings have slowed down the
delivery of fuel food and medicine to
the
strip the situation there in Gaza is
very difficult people are almost dying
and they're suffering really badly it's
getting to complete chaos and famine
especially in the North in Rafa and Han
yunes people in Han yunes Dar Al Bala
and those from Gaza City are all
displaced in Rafa which host nearly 1.5
million Palestinian refugees who cannot
move and fighting between Israeli forces
and Palestinian Fighters around some
hospitals in southern Gaza has turned
them into war zones Barbara Ang Goa Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer